Who is your hero?
This person’s hero is :::answer:::
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
If this person could live anywhere, it would be in/at :::answer:::
What is your biggest fear?
This person’s biggest fear is :::answer:::
What is your favorite family vacation?
This person’s favorite family vacation is: :::answer:::
What would you change about yourself if you could?
If this person could, he/she would change this about him/herself: :::answer:::
What really makes you angry?
This person gets angry about :::answer:::
What is your proudest accomplishment?
This person’s favorite accomplishment is: :::answer:::
What is your favorite book to read?
This person’s favorite book is: :::answer:::
What did you want to be when you were small?
This person wanted to be :::answer::: when he/she was small.
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
If this person could choose anything to do for a day, it would be :::answer:::
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
This person’s favorite game or sport to watch and play is :::answer:::
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
Out of either washing dishes, mowing the lawn, cleaning the bathroom or vacuuming the house, this person would prefer: :::answer:::
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If this person could hire someone to either help out with cleaning, cooking or yard work it would be: :::answer:::
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If this person had to choose ONE meal for the rest of his/her life it would be :::answer:::
Who is your favorite author?
This person’s favorite author is :::answer:::
Would you rather vacation in Norway or Spain?
Out of Norway or Spain, this person would rather go to :::answer:::
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If money was no object, this person would do the following activity all day: :::answer:::
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
If this person could go back in time, he/she would travel to :::answer:::
Describe yourself in one word
This person would describe him/herself in one word as :::answer:::
What’s your favourite hobby?
This person’s favourite hobby is :::answer:::
What is the best gift you have been given?
The best gift this person has received was :::answer:::
What is the worst gift you have received?
The worst gift this person has received was :::answer:::
What object can’t you live without?
This person cannot live without :::answer:::
What is something you are scared of?
This person is scared of :::answer:::
If you could have superpowers, what would that be?
If this person had superpowers, it would be :::answer:::
What would you buy first if you won the lottery?
If this person won the lottery, the first thing this person would buy would be :::answer:::
What’s your favourite mean of transport?
This person’s favourite mean of transport is :::answer:::
What's your favorite animal?
This person’s favourite animal is :::answer:::
If you could have dinner with anyone in the world, who would that be?
If this person could have dinner with anyone in the world, it would be with :::answer:::
How many pillows do you sleep with?
This person sleeps with :::answer::: pillows
What's the longest period you've gone without sleep?
The longest period this person has gone without sleep is :::answer:::
What’s your favourite beverage/drink?
This person’s favourite beverage/drink is :::answer:::
What's your favorite holiday?
This person’s favourite holiday is :::answer:::
What was the last book you read?
The last book I read was :::answer:::
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
This person’s favourite type of foreign food is :::answer:::
If your life was a movie, what would the title be?
If the person’s life was a movie, it would be called :::answer:::
What’s your favourite fruit?
This person’s favourite fruit is :::answer:::
What's your favorite fast food chain?
This person’s favourite fast food chain is :::answer:::
What's your favorite movie?
This person’s favourite movie is :::answer:::
What’s your favourite food?
This person’s favourite food is :::answer:::
What type of food would you not eat?
This person wouldn’t eat :::answer:::
What item would you take with you on a deserted island?
This person would bring :::answer::: on a deserted island
What was your favourite subject in school?
This person’s favourite subject in school was :::answer:::
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
The most unusual thing this person has eaten is :::answer:::
What do you collect?
This person collects :::answer:::
If you had a country, what would you name it?
If the person had a country, it would be named :::answer:::
What is your favourite song?
This person’s favourite song is :::answer:::
What celebrity would you like to meet in person?
This person would like to meet :::answer:::
What’s your favourite band?
This person’s favourite band is :::answer:::
How many languages do you speak?
The person speaks :::answer::: languages
What is your favourite season?
This person’s favourite season is :::answer:::
If you could be an animal, which one would you like to be?
If this person could be an animal, it would be :::answer:::